code_set	concept_code	concept_name	vocabulary_id	domain_id
intellectual_disability_01_base	F70	Mild intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F71	Moderate intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F72	Severe intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F73	Profound intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F78	Other intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F78.A	Other genetic related intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F78.A1	SYNGAP1-related intellectual disability	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F78.A9	Other genetic related intellectual disability	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	F79	Unspecified intellectual disabilities	ICD10CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	110359009	Intellectual disability	SNOMED	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	31216003	Profound intellectual disability	SNOMED	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	317	Mild intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Drug
intellectual_disability_01_base	317	Mild intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	318	Other specified intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Drug
intellectual_disability_01_base	318	Other specified intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Drug
intellectual_disability_01_base	318	Other specified intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	318.1	Severe intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	318.2	Profound intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	319	Unspecified intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Drug
intellectual_disability_01_base	319	Unspecified intellectual disabilities	ICD9CM	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	40700009	Severe intellectual disability	SNOMED	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	61152003	Moderate intellectual disability	SNOMED	Condition
intellectual_disability_01_base	86765009	Mild intellectual disability	SNOMED	Condition
